Update lightning requirements and add memory info (#7768)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-requirements.md

      <td>SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, CREATE, DROP</td>
      <td>If not required, the value must be set to ""</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Optional</td>
      <td>Parallel import</td>
      <td>Schema configured for lightning.meta-schema-name</td>
      <td>SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, CREATE, DROP</td>
      <td>If not required, the value must be set to ""</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
      <td>Optional</td>
      <td>checkpoint.driver = “mysql”</td>
      <td>checkpoint.schema setting</td>
      <td>SELECT,INSERT,UPDATE,DELETE,CREATE,DROP</td>
      <td>Required when checkpoint information is stored in databases, instead of files</td>
   </tr>
</table>

## Downstream storage space requirements

The target TiKV cluster must have enough disk space to store the imported data. In addition to the [standard hardware requirements](/hardware-and-software-requirements.md), the storage space of the target TiKV cluster must be larger than **the size of the data source x the number of replicas x 2**. For example, if the cluster uses 3 replicas by default, the target TiKV cluster must have a storage space larger than 6 times the size of the data source. The formula has x 2 because:

> - Index might take extra space.

Author: ```suggestion
- Indexes might take extra space.
```

```

Calculate the size of the largest table, in MiB. Replace ${schema_name} with your schema name.

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
select table_name,table_schema,sum(data_length)/1024/1024 as data_length,sum(index_length)/1024/1024 as index_length,sum(data_length+index_length)/1024/1024 as sum from information_schema.tables where table_schema = "${schema_name}" group by table_name,table_schema order by sum  desc limit 5;
```

## Resource requirements

**Operating system**: The example in this document uses fresh CentOS 7 instances. You can deploy a virtual machine either on your local host or in the cloud. Because TiDB Lightning consumes as much CPU resources as needed by default, it is recommended that you deploy it on a dedicated server. If this is not possible, you can deploy it on a single server together with other TiDB components (for example, tikv-server) and then configure `region-concurrency` to limit the CPU usage from TiDB Lightning. Usually, you can configure the size to 75% of the logical CPU.

**Memory and CPU**:

> TiDB Lightning consumes different CPU and memory in different backends. Run TiDB Lightning in an environment that supports the optimal import performance based on the backend you use.

Author: ```suggestion
The CPU and memory consumed by TiDB Lightning vary with its backend mode. Run TiDB Lightning in an environment that supports the optimal import performance based on the backend you use.
```

> The CPU and memory consumed by TiDB Lightning vary with its backend mode. Run TiDB Lightning in an environment that supports the optimal import performance based on the backend you use.

Author: ```suggestion
The CPU and memory consumed by TiDB Lightning vary with the backend mode. Run TiDB Lightning in an environment that supports the optimal import performance based on the backend you use.
```
